Let's move on to our last test, where we're going to make sure that we return a 404.
If we trying to purchase a canceled order.
Now, this test is going to be just a little bit tricky because it implies that we're going to get passed
this check right here where we make sure that the person making the request is the same person who originally
created the order.
Now, what this check right here effectively means for our test is that when we initially create the
order, we have to stick in a user ID or assign a user ID to the order and then make a request with
that same user ID.
That is actually kind of challenging right now with our current authentication setup.
Remember to authenticate ourselves inside of our tests.
We call that global sign in function.
And you might recall that that global sign in function was defined inside of our test directory and
the setup file.
So about halfway down here is that global sign function.
And the first thing we do is create a user or essentially a payload to stick into the JSON web token
with a random ID.
So we essentially need to extract that ID right there in, assign it to the user ID property of the
order that we are trying to purchase.
Now we can definitely try to figure out some way to maybe return or give us access to that ID right
there from the sign and function.
But a way easier way to do this would be to just make an optional argument to the sign in function where
we could provide an ID ahead of time if we wanted to.
And that's what we're going to do, way easier and more straightforward.
So I'm going to say that the sign function is going to receive an optional argument of ID.
Oh, wrong place for the question mark.
So I'll say that ID is an optional argument.
That's what the question mark right there refers to.
And it will be of type string.
Then for payload right here rather than always generating a random ID.
We will say if we provided an ID, then use the ID otherwise.
Generate a new one.
And so that's how we would express that.
We can say ID or so if ID is not defined, then we will execute the case right here.
And if ID is provided, is provided, we will not execute the word case and we will just assign the
ID that was provided to the ID property.
That's pretty much it.
It's now back inside of our test file.
For our test right here.
I'm going to first create a new user ID.
So once again, that will be a mongoose type object id to hex string.
Well, then use that to build up a new order and we will assign this as the user ID for the order itself
rather than building an entire order from scratch right here.
I'll just copy paste some code that we had written on the previous test because all that stuff is 100%
reusable.
They'll copy it.
That entire block right there.
And then paste it in underneath.
And now rather than randomly generating the user ID.
All instead provide the user ID that we had just generated a moment ago.
So now we can make our actual request to purchase this thing.
When we make the request, we will make sure that we provide the user ID that we had just generated
to that sign in function.
And so it will be a wait request app will make a post request to API payments.
And we will set the cookie to global sign in.
And then very quickly right here to the sign and function that we'll provide that user ID that we had
previously generated the user ID like so.
And you'll notice I'm getting an air here that it's probably because TypeScript is just being a little
bit angry.
I'm going to save this and then reload.
I might have just not saved that set up test file.
I think that made it work.
Nope, it didn't.
Let me check that setup test file again.
Now.
It's it's there.
Oh, you know what it is?
We need to update our interface as well.
My mistake back up here.
Here's our interface.
We have to say that this thing is going to take an optional ID as a string.
That's better.
Okay.
Much better.
Now everything's working as expected.
And of course, before we actually make this request, one other update we have to make on the status
property for the order.
When we build it, we also have to update the order status to cancelled because that's what we were
really trying to test out here.
We'll change the order status to cancelled like so.
Now we can actually finish up the test itself.
So I'm going to send along.
An order ID of order ID and a token of whatever.
And then I will expect to get back a status of 400.
Okay.
So let's save that and see how the tests are doing.
Back over here.
It looks like it's all working as expected.
As usual.
Let's make this thing fail.
So how about this time to make it fail?
I will just never save the order.
So that should give us a 404 instead of the expected 400.
And.
Yep, there we go.
Okay.
So that is it.
That is some initial testing.
So now that we've got this order kind of prepped and ready to be purchased, we're now going to take
a look at how to use the Stripe API library just a little bit more in depth and eventually integrate
it into our into our project.